README.md, before:

## LeetCode 
My submissions for [LeetCode Oj][leetoj].

## Tags

* [Array](#array)
* [Linked List](#linked-list)
* [Depth First Search](#depth-first-search)
* [Breadth First Search](#breadth-first-search)
* [Two Pointers](#two-pointers)
* [Sliding Window](#sliding-window) 

## Categories

### Array
| Title | Solution | Difficulty |
| :----- | :--------: | :----------: |
| [1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum) | | Easy |
| [719. Find K-th Smallest Pair Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/) | [Bucket Sort, Binary Search](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/719_find_k-th_smallest_pair_distance) | Hard |

### Linked List
| Title | Solution | Difficulty |
| :----- | :-------- | :----------: |
| [148. Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list) | [Bottom Up Merge Sort](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/99df0859d99cb317fef5f3f3123a8b3d40a2634c) | Medium |
| [92. Reverse Linked List II](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii) | [Use Dummmy Head to iterator the list](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/618f1c447efcf638eedda013de27fbc2a54a9354) | Medium |
| [2. Add Two Numbere](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Use Sentinel Node](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/7a6644f371fd2a75587d97b9cd8cda74755271a0) | Medium |
| [21. Merge Two Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [Using golang channel](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/21_merge_two_sorted_lists) | Easy |
| [23. Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/) | [Divide and Conquer](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/23_merge_k_sorted_list) | Hard |
| [138. Copy List With Random Pointer](https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/) | [Extend List with copied Nodes](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/a9ee587e1e3b2df75e00b096eba35a273ff49dfd) | Medium |
| [141. Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [Two Pointers](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/ecf95807412ecc5e220867e886d452c06171567b) | Easy |


### Sliding Window
| Title | Solution | Difficulty |
| :----- | :-------- | :----------: 
| [719. Find K-th Smallest Pair Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/) | [Binary Search+Sliding Window](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/719_find_k-th_smallest_pair_distance) | Hard |



[leetoj]:https://oj.leetcode.com/

Commit message:

add 24 to list node category:

README.md, after:

## LeetCode 
My submissions for [LeetCode Oj][leetoj].

## Tags

* [Array](#array)
* [Linked List](#linked-list)
* [Depth First Search](#depth-first-search)
* [Breadth First Search](#breadth-first-search)
* [Two Pointers](#two-pointers)
* [Sliding Window](#sliding-window) 

## Categories

### Array
| Title | Solution | Difficulty |
| :----- | :--------: | :----------: |
| [1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum) | | Easy |
| [719. Find K-th Smallest Pair Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/) | [Bucket Sort, Binary Search](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/719_find_k-th_smallest_pair_distance) | Hard |

### Linked List
| Title | Solution | Difficulty |
| :----- | :-------- | :----------: |
| [148. Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list) | [Bottom Up Merge Sort](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/99df0859d99cb317fef5f3f3123a8b3d40a2634c) | Medium |
| [92. Reverse Linked List II](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii) | [Use Dummmy node to iterator the list](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/618f1c447efcf638eedda013de27fbc2a54a9354) | Medium |
| [2. Add Two Numbere](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Use Sentinel Node](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/7a6644f371fd2a75587d97b9cd8cda74755271a0) | Medium |
| [21. Merge Two Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [Using golang channel](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/21_merge_two_sorted_lists) | Easy |
| [23. Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/) | [Divide and Conquer](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/23_merge_k_sorted_list) | Hard |
| [138. Copy List With Random Pointer](https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/) | [Extend List with copied Nodes](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/a9ee587e1e3b2df75e00b096eba35a273ff49dfd) | Medium |
| [141. Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/) | [Two Pointers](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/ecf95807412ecc5e220867e886d452c06171567b) | Easy |
| [24. Swap Nodes In Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/) | [Use dummy node to iterator the list](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/commit/22ab32bd2ae747c078ace9c896b272d3a0c9a2ba) | Medium |


### Sliding Window
| Title | Solution | Difficulty |
| :----- | :-------- | :----------: 
| [719. Find K-th Smallest Pair Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/) | [Binary Search+Sliding Window](https://github.com/Catorpilor/LeetCode/tree/master/719_find_k-th_smallest_pair_distance) | Hard |



[leetoj]:https://oj.leetcode.com/
